oh there are tears the dance floor are
strictly correspondent Karen Hardy is
here to give us the backstage lowdown
really we've had email after email it's
a fast it's a travesty so on and so
forth what's your take on what I really
happened do you know what it is it's
quite simple it's one nil to the viewing
public I think at this moment in time
the viewing public is saying we don't
want five ladies that already have some
form of dance ability in them what we
saw last year was Matt Dawson Marc Ram
Prakash no dance experience at all take
the most amazing journey of their life
the j-word bill however what I think the
public is saying here listen we're
enjoying variety fun excitement on a
Saturday night let's not get so
competitive so we're just compare two
different dances come on then belt Gabby
first of all yeah yeah amazing baby you
know it wasn't her perfect dance because
she's a sort of credit you know
discipline stiffness above but she did
it really well she got okay so to
analyze analyze what's happening yeah
for a dance point of view Gabby was
phenomenal from day one what you need in
a competition is somebody with fighting
spirit that's what she had her
choreography is very difficult she
mastered it every time she's got energy
life but she's got that one thing big
competitive spirit the English nation we
are the underdogs don't leave hang on
but were and and I would go to to stern
degree but we also know she's a sports
woman at heart we know that most sports
people are competitive now Matt Dawson
competitive or going together so why is
it the women maybe get penalized for
being competitive in the men don't the
the women here I don't know if they're
being pit well they've been either being
penalized did the judges mark gabby high
enough if they'd have marked a higher
because this for her dancing if you see
what she's doing is incredible let's
just sort of go to the other extreme
yeah no and we're going to look at some
pictures of a dance I mean I think it's
almost turning into a bloodsport this
actually in since you know Kate
obviously Gary weed trying very hard but
it was
well if it wasn't tragedy was funny yes
you know yes and I'm thinking she hasn't
got any dance she didn't have any dance
ability before and she had them into
dance school as far as I know so to get
up and do what she's doing I am heartily
applaud and that's what happened with
the nation they fell in love with this
this effort Phil you're normally ugly
Bobby are they in love with it or are
they jumping into something I didn't see
that you know that's not it's not it's
not fun at all but from suit sitting at
home you've got people that might have
dance experience and you've got people
that have no idea at all but there's
seen people putting their lives on the
line so just get out there and do a good
show it was blatantly clear there should
have been three definite contenders for
that bottom slot and that was Kenny yeah
John Barnes and Kate Tenny
hello Ginny's about talk to you come on
guys it's about constituency Kenny will
have all the Scottish rugby fans what
rugby fans are and Scots waiting for him
probably John Barnes will have football
fans voting for him and maybe Gabby and
Penny don't have that constituency and
Kate Garraway of course has got how the
program was I think Gabby and Penny ever
have a great following but I do think
it's it's sincerely down to the fact of
people are looking for you to take that
journey you remember when you fellow
your bill and you kept coming back every
week saying I'm not leaving this
competition that's what's happening out
there so will we see someone for example
Kelly for example will we see her then
do you think leaving early because let's
face it she's got both dance experience
she looks fantastic and she's quite
competitive she thinks she will now this
will flip immediately to the
conversation it's down to the judges it
was an outrage that Bruno stanza a
a couple 10 because of the illegal 3
lips sorry illegal lifts you vowed to
you did third one extra brunettes
danziger's turn I love it
Bruna is not there for an emotional
result he's there to keep control of the
viewing public that are gonna go in
there tell me this you know bendin yeah
why does he do it for the exact reason
we're sat here now okay to talk about it
so we're talking about anything so what
I'm gonna say to all the competitors and
all the celebrities next week all to
illegal moves yeah and then see what
happens because I think it will be a
disaster and the thing you've got to
remember with this the more restrictions
you put on people the greater the
competitive edge is so if you look at
this show this show goes out to about 26
countries they're all running it now
it's only England I think and possibly
America that have the strictest rules
because we are the leaders yes so now
you know if you go to other countries
they come in on motorbikes they come
down from the city
that's tricks it's so easy to get an
impact with doing lifts work you cannot
do the lift work and to qualify for that
final yeah and what about the arguing
though among the judges we've got an
from Lincoln what a fast the judges
arguing and calling each other names was
bad enough the voting was tragic why
don't just bring all the contestants and
go straight to the voting the public
voting for the worst answers rather than
the better dancers is frightening even
sinister but the arguing I mean maybe
you can understand it from your
perspective given what you've just said
but that was pretty unedifying to watch
yes I think it is and in normal
circumstance if you've got a head Church
the judges are taken behind that if
there's a dynamo or something that's
gone wrong in a competition the judges
are all taken behind the scenes the head
judge has a word with them and says I
have the final say here which you know
maybe that's what we should have done
maybe Len should have taken Bruno out
the back giving him a savage lizard yeah
you cannot give a 10 this whole
competition is now become completely
unpredictable and what great television
losing is unpredictable now it is one of
the greatest shows for people to watch
on a Saturday and a Sunday and I just
think the more variety we have the more
entertainment we have the great thing
was like Gaby going out
I fight personally now I'm coming from
the dancing side I found it very sad it
was incredible you know and what I say
is maybe she needs to go to the Rugby
English team and some of our sports team
and give that competitive edge to our
world of sport but here she danced
incredible and the saddest thing of all
is poor Kenny heartbroken yeah so I'm
gonna do thank you Braveheart
yeah where is that he'll is gonna get a
hold of honour and ride it yeah he's
gonna do the biggest lift of the mold is
missing but my wife